DEV-297 - Updated integration tests to be more automatic given env variables (#28)
algorithmiaio/algorithmia-nodejs: test/TEST.md

# Running Tests

To run these integration tests you will have to set up an `.env` file with the required environment variables. 

## The .env file

Either create or modify an `.env` file in root directory and add the following keys with its appropiate values.

---

   |Name|Value|Purpose|
   |-|-|-|
   |ALGORITHMIA_TEST_DEFAULT_API_KEY|`<key for Algorithmia api url>`|Required for your algorithmia testing client|
   |ALGORITHMIA_TEST_API_ADDRESS|`<secret key to run Algorithmia api>`|Required for your algorithmia testing client|
   |ALGORITHMIA_TEST_USERNAME|`<your Algorithmia test account username>`|Required to test algorithmia client methods, file uploads, and directory creation|

>    |ALGORITHMIA_TEST_USERNAME|`<secret key to your admin Algorithmia account`|Required to test organization read, creation and update|

Reviewer: Probably meant to be `ALGORITHMIA_TEST_ADMIN_API_KEY`

Author: yes!, good catch fixed.

> Normally you'd want `ALGORITHMIA_TEST_API_ADDRES` to be `https://test.algorithmia.com` or some sort of testing environment. 

Reviewer: small typo here. also, let's leave the test url out.
```suggestion
Normally you'd want `ALGORITHMIA_TEST_API_ADDRESS` to be some sort of testing environment. 
```

Author: fixed
